Add warning for unbound indices in AO2D merging (#234)
AliceO2Group/analysis-framework: docs/hyperloop/userdocumentation.md

  </div>
 
 * This is specific to tests with wagons set as ready for slim derived data. As the entire output is merged into one single file, there is a limit of 4000 MB for this. If exceeded, the user is advised to switch to standard derived data by unchecking the option “Ready for slim derived data” in the wagon edit view. Then a request for standard derived data train can be made.

### 8. <a name="warning-unbound-indices"></a>Unbound indices detected in AO2D merging
 
  <div align="center">
    <img src="../images/warningUnboundIndices.png" width="40%">
  </div>
 

>  * For derived data trains (excluding linked derived data), it notifies the detection of unbound columns during AO2D merging. This means that one or more participating wagons have activated derived data tables that do not match the workflow specifications. One possible reason for this is that the workflow configuration has changed in the meantime, and the wagon has not been synchronized yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * For derived data trains, it notifies the detection of unbound columns during AO2D merging. This means that one of the output tables which has been asked to be stored has index columns to tables which are not within the output. This usually points to a bad or broken data model definition and should be fixed. The only case where this is expected and not worrisome is linked derived data. For both slim derived data and standard derived data, the data model should be fixed.
```
